we start there we are when I go
learning as we go
finding step by step
step by step with us and today nicolás
let's do something that people
fascinates with very little how to do
boxes yes yes we think many times in
in a box we think of a ring or some
fins some motions to some chocolates
let's move on
clear shoulders
to make a box are required
just one sheet and it's that way
penguin cards and we're going to do it
in this way a square we bend to a
rectangle
in this way we unfold we rotate and
we repeat the same step
previous
we unfold we turn around and take
the bottom corner with corner
up this way
overflow we turn and go back to repeat
the same previous step
we discount and what we have achieved is
like a trunk from the bottom up there's
we sink we close to have this form
Well, look, I'm going to turn so they go
seeing the shape we have open sides and
closed side only let's take a
fin of the open side and let's talk
from the side to the center in this way
first on one side after the other side
we turn around and we repeat the
same previous step always using
the fingertips in this way there are
we take a fin open in the middle
from bottom to top we crush that
matches this line with the line that
We have low or outer and inner and
this step we repeat on all the fins
that is, we have four fins in total
we are doing two we turn around
we repeat here again
always but to coincide these lines with
this other line we take the last one that is
the fourth in this way there and we're going to
have this very interesting way that is
on both sides I'm going to take fin with
fin we close both up and down and
we crush and we are going to have a line
that a brand so let's guide us
for that brand to fold in this way
one
2 we turn around we have 3 and 4 and something
very interesting
here we have side and side that close
so that to form a triangle
back and forth in this way
next step down here
we have fins we go down to where
you can and it's okay we turn around
you repeat but we have to go down
these two as we make a fin with a
fin we closed the other one we can also
go down and back
now after what comes to little piggy
in palmar
we turn
we turn around and back
we already have a starry box
a pleasure told the divine truth many
thank you and good to have been here and
well I want to say goodbye to you
they follow just that which is hands to the
work and good now and my technicians from
Bolivia with a lot of peace to all of you
until the next that this is
penguin the cardboards chosen for
make your most creative projects with
hundreds of models and colors
find them in bookstores conditions
artistic and paper mills throughout the country
ideal for crafts decorations
origami scrap shipments across the country
unsurpassed quality between facebook
penguin cards